README.md, before:

release.sh
==========

__release.sh__ generates an addon zipfile from a Git or SVN checkout.

__release.sh__ works by creating a new project directory, checking out external
repositories within the project directory, then copying files from the checkout
into the project directory.  The project directory is then zipped to create a
distributable addon zipfile.

__release.sh__ can also upload your zipfile to CurseForge, WoWInterface, and
GitHub (as a release), but requires [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/). See [Usage](#usage) for more info.

__release.sh__ reads __.pkgmeta__ and supports the following directives. See the [CurseForge Knowledge base page](http://legacy.curseforge.com/wiki/projects/pkgmeta-file/) for more info.

  - *externals* (Git and SVN)
  - *ignore*
  - *license-output* (for default *All Rights Reserved* license)
  - *manual-changelog*
  - *move-folders*
  - *package-as*

You can also use a few directives for WoWInterface uploading.

  - *wowi-archive-previous* : `yes|no` (defaults to yes) Archive the previous release.
  - *wowi-create-changelog* : `yes|no` (defaults to yes) Generate a Git changelog using BBCode that will be set when uploading. A manual changelog will always be used if set in the .pkgmeta.

__release.sh__ supports the following repository substitution keywords when
copying the files from the checkout into the project directory. See the [CurseForge Knowledge base page](http://legacy.curseforge.com/wiki/repositories/repository-keyword-substitutions/) for more info.

  - *@alpha@*...*@end-alpha@*
  - *@debug@*...*@end-debug@*
  - *@do-not-package@*...*@end-do-not-package@*
  - *@localization(locale="locale", format="format", ...)@*
    - *escape-non-ascii*
    - *handle-subnamespaces*
    - *handle-unlocalized*
    - *namespace*
  - *@no-lib-strip@*...*@end-no-lib-strip@*
  - *@non-alpha@*...*@end-non-alpha@*
  - *@non-debug@*...*@end-non-debug@*
  - *@file-revision@*
  - *@project-revision@*
  - *@file-hash@*
  - *@project-hash@*
  - *@file-abbreviated-hash@*
  - *@project-abbreviated-hash@*
  - *@file-author@*
  - *@project-author@*
  - *@file-date-iso@*
  - *@project-date-iso@*
  - *@file-date-integer@*
  - *@project-date-integer@*
  - *@file-timestamp@*
  - *@project-timestamp@*
  - *@project-version@*

__release.sh__ reads the TOC file, if present, to determine the name of the
project.

__release.sh__ assumes that tags (Git annotated tags and SVN tags) are named for
the version numbers for the project.  It will identify if the HEAD is tagged and
use that as the current version number.  It will search back through parent
commits for the previous tag that is a release version number and generate a
changelog containing the commits since that previous release tag.

__release.sh__ will create a default license file in the project directory with
the contents *All Rights Reserved* if a license file does not already exist.

By default, __release.sh__ creates releases in the *.release* subdirectory of the
top-level directory of the checkout.

Using release.sh
================

The recommended way to include __release.sh__ in a project is to:

1.  Create a *.release* subdirectory in your top-level checkout.
2.  Copy __release.sh__ into the *.release* directory.
3.  Ignore the *.release* subdirectory in __.pkgmeta__.
4.  Run __release.sh__.

Usage
=====
```
Usage: release.sh [-cdelosuz] [-t topdir] [-r releasedir] [-g version] [-p slug] [-w wowi-id]
  -c               Skip copying files into the package directory.
  -d               Skip uploading.
  -e               Skip checkout of external repositories.
  -l               Skip @localization@ keyword replacement.
  -o               Keep existing package directory, overwriting its contents.
  -s               Create a stripped-down ``nolib'' package.
  -u               Use Unix line-endings.
  -z               Skip zipfile creation.
  -t topdir        Set top-level directory of checkout.
  -r releasedir    Set directory containing the package directory. Defaults to ``$topdir/.release''.
  -g version       Set the game version for uploading to CurseForge and WoWInterface.
  -p slug          Set the project slug used on CurseForge for localization and uploading.
  -w wowi-id       Set the addon id used on WoWInterface for uploading.
```

The following environment variables are necessary for uploading:

  - `CF_API_KEY` - your [CurseForge API key](https://wow.curseforge.com/home/api-key/), required for uploading to CurseForge.
  - `GITHUB_OAUTH` - a [GitHub personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens), required for uploading to Github.
  - `WOWI_API_TOKEN` - your [WoWInterface API token](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/filecpl.php?action=apitokens), required for uploading to WoWInterface.

Commit message:

Remove Curseforge nolib uploading and default enable-nolib-creation to no.
Manual "-nolib" uploads don't get flagged as such for client downloads like
the nolib archives the Curse packager creates. You can create a nolib
archive by default by using the -s command line option and it will be
uploaded like normal.

README.md, after:

release.sh
==========

__release.sh__ generates an addon zipfile from a Git or SVN checkout.

__release.sh__ works by creating a new project directory, checking out external
repositories within the project directory, then copying files from the checkout
into the project directory.  The project directory is then zipped to create a
distributable addon zipfile.

__release.sh__ can also upload your zipfile to CurseForge, WoWInterface, and
GitHub (as a release), but requires [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/). See [Usage](#usage) for more info.

__release.sh__ reads __.pkgmeta__ and supports the following directives. See the [CurseForge Knowledge base page](http://legacy.curseforge.com/wiki/projects/pkgmeta-file/) for more info.

  - *externals* (Git and SVN)
  - *ignore*
  - *license-output* (for a default *All Rights Reserved* license)
  - *manual-changelog*
  - *move-folders*
  - *package-as*
  - *enable-nolib-creation* (defaults to no, unlike the Curse packager)

You can also use a few directives for WoWInterface uploading.

  - *wowi-archive-previous* : `yes|no` (defaults to yes) Archive the previous release.
  - *wowi-create-changelog* : `yes|no` (defaults to yes) Generate a Git changelog using BBCode that will be set when uploading. A manual changelog will always be used if set in the .pkgmeta.

__release.sh__ supports the following repository substitution keywords when
copying the files from the checkout into the project directory. See the [CurseForge Knowledge base page](http://legacy.curseforge.com/wiki/repositories/repository-keyword-substitutions/) for more info.

  - *@alpha@*...*@end-alpha@*
  - *@debug@*...*@end-debug@*
  - *@do-not-package@*...*@end-do-not-package@*
  - *@localization(locale="locale", format="format", ...)@*
    - *escape-non-ascii*
    - *handle-subnamespaces*
    - *handle-unlocalized*
    - *namespace*
  - *@no-lib-strip@*...*@end-no-lib-strip@*
  - *@non-alpha@*...*@end-non-alpha@*
  - *@non-debug@*...*@end-non-debug@*
  - *@file-revision@*
  - *@project-revision@*
  - *@file-hash@*
  - *@project-hash@*
  - *@file-abbreviated-hash@*
  - *@project-abbreviated-hash@*
  - *@file-author@*
  - *@project-author@*
  - *@file-date-iso@*
  - *@project-date-iso@*
  - *@file-date-integer@*
  - *@project-date-integer@*
  - *@file-timestamp@*
  - *@project-timestamp@*
  - *@project-version@*

__release.sh__ reads the TOC file, if present, to determine the name of the
project.

__release.sh__ assumes that tags (Git annotated tags and SVN tags) are named for
the version numbers for the project.  It will identify if the HEAD is tagged and
use that as the current version number.  It will search back through parent
commits for the previous tag that is a release version number and generate a
changelog containing the commits since that previous release tag.

__release.sh__ will create a default license file in the project directory with
the contents *All Rights Reserved* if a license file does not already exist.

By default, __release.sh__ creates releases in the *.release* subdirectory of the
top-level directory of the checkout.

Using release.sh
================

The recommended way to include __release.sh__ in a project is to:

1.  Create a *.release* subdirectory in your top-level checkout.
2.  Copy __release.sh__ into the *.release* directory.
3.  Ignore the *.release* subdirectory in __.pkgmeta__.
4.  Run __release.sh__.

Usage
=====
```
Usage: release.sh [-cdelosuz] [-t topdir] [-r releasedir] [-g version] [-p slug] [-w wowi-id]
  -c               Skip copying files into the package directory.
  -d               Skip uploading.
  -e               Skip checkout of external repositories.
  -l               Skip @localization@ keyword replacement.
  -o               Keep existing package directory, overwriting its contents.
  -s               Create a stripped-down ``nolib'' package.
  -u               Use Unix line-endings.
  -z               Skip zipfile creation.
  -t topdir        Set top-level directory of checkout.
  -r releasedir    Set directory containing the package directory. Defaults to ``$topdir/.release''.
  -g version       Set the game version for uploading to CurseForge and WoWInterface.
  -p slug          Set the project slug used on CurseForge for localization and uploading.
  -w wowi-id       Set the addon id used on WoWInterface for uploading.
```

The following environment variables are necessary for uploading:

  - `CF_API_KEY` - your [CurseForge API key](https://wow.curseforge.com/home/api-key/), required for uploading to CurseForge.
  - `GITHUB_OAUTH` - a [GitHub personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens), required for uploading to Github.
  - `WOWI_API_TOKEN` - your [WoWInterface API token](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/filecpl.php?action=apitokens), required for uploading to WoWInterface.
